# AnimalShelter
Readme:
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
I think the best way to write maintainable, readable and adaptable programs is to follow the best Object Oriented principles. Encapsulation is one of the key features of programming. Functions and objects gives us the ability to describe our system, making the code more readable for other people. It is important to think about the names for the methods and classes, do not use abbreviations. While working on the project, we created compatible code solutions, it was easier to manage the errors.

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
Computer scientists approach a problem by identifying the problem, by understanding what the problem present. Important details that we need to simplify and optimize our steps. I think, this course provided a lot of supporting materials, so it was easier to navigate through the requirements. It was very beneficial that the project was divided into smaller pieces and each module represented the particular problem that we had to work on. 
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computers scientists are using technology to solve the problem. They are utilizing data, developing new software and creating new solutions for organizations. It is important because technology helps to improve different industries such as education, healthcare, scientific research. The main goal for the companies with large databases is to optimize the access to databases, to provide efficient search through the database. The project requires sufficient database interface logic and the user-friendly dashboard. 
